Add findings guide (#136)
nccgroup/sobelow: README.md

features or security checks, please open an issue!

## Table of Contents

> - [Documentation](#documentation)
> - [Installation](#installation)
>   - [To Use](#to-use)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [To Use](#to-use)
- [Documentation](#documentation)  
```

- [Umbrella Apps](#umbrella-apps)
- [Updates](#updates)

> ## Documentation

Reviewer: This section should be moved below Installation section to reflect table of contents

> Documentation for Sobelow can be found online - https://hexdocs.pm/sobelow/readme.html
> 
> For guidance on how to triage and fix individual findings, see [findings_guide.md](findings_guide.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for Sobelow is [available on HexDocs](https://hexdocs.pm/sobelow/readme.html)
```
